This is a head-gum original.
I mean, I feel at home at this point.
I'm sorry.
What was that?
I was just saying I'm happy that you feel at home here.
In your mad at that?
She's a green woman.
I'm in a living one.
I think you're not having your outwardly up some valid to have any emotion.
I have.
Everybody's emotional experiences valid.
But mine, my gladness, isn't it?
You're experiencing october gladness.
I really do feel at home.
I don't know what else to say.
I mean, this is the third record in this studio.
Yeah.
I don't even know if we recorded an LA this much.
It's your second day and you feel at home?
Joel?
I think you feel at home too.
Yeah, I just feel like everybody's coming.
Oh.
It's literally quite the opposite.
What did you say?
You said that you were pissed that I'm here?
No.
I said I'm so glad you feel that way.
And that was genuine.
It was genuine.
I appreciate that.
This studio is my favorite color.
Does particular green or does green in general?
This particular green.
It does a really nice green.
What adjective would you put before it to describe it?
British racing green.
Hmm.
As to Martin.
Yeah.
Really nice green.
Think of fours.
Johnny, your shirt matches.
Yeah.
Got this in a Orlando gift shop.
Nice.
Very golf-esque.
I guess I got to start the show.
I'm going to keep all this in, but the energy is sour.
What?
Lips sour.
Behind you.
Yeah.
Don't live strong.
Okay.
Yeah.
I think I'm not crazy.
I mean, didn't everyone.
Yeah, but I like, we're going to feel a little bit more.
I love her too.
Yeah.
I feel like every episode there's like a dance.
You know what I mean?
And it changes every time for sure.
So this is how you want to start the episode.
Well, I'm just saying, like, who do we think the dance is going to be?
I mean, we could play as our bets.
And then by the end, we can come back and be like, actually, I think it was, I think it was Joel.
I think it's going to be you.
Yeah.
Why?
I feel like everyone was going to say that.
And so for you to say, it's so fast.
Confirms my deepest fears.
Well, was you just right today?
This one episode.
Every every episode.
The comments are.
Oh, Jeff made me have a stroke today.
Oh, you had some boy really should read the comments.
We could read the comments of today's episode.
Yeah.
Which when they're listening to this was three weeks ago.
Yeah, we could.
The stroke one was from today.
Yeah.
I don't know what else to say.
I don't know anything therapy to twice a week.
You just comment back.
Condolences.
Yeah.
It's become sort of a bit to really just rag on both the podcasts.
But particularly you.
Which I will say one one comment today got me.
Okay.
I'll explain that it was just a, it was a time stamp comment.
And it said the part at 4557 made my fucking year.
And I clicked on it.
And to the podcast.
And the play.
T he he did.
We did a long bit in each cue about what would happen if I died.
Yeah.
And my funeral became the final episode of the show.
Should I pull?
Yeah.
I think that that was everybody.
Everybody chimed in with a funny.
Like.
Yeah.
Lime.
One of the moments I felt most like this company was a community that I've joined.
Like we all do things together.
Right.
And it's not that people are like sharing any condolences.
It was like more celebration.
But not a celebration of the life having passed.
The life having been ended.
And then I just chuckled like.
It was an into a preacher.
Amen.
What was the.
Oh.
I remember.
Okay.
Do you want to just read the entire transcript.
I want people to feel how long this went on.
Yeah.
So the basic concept is that it started with.
Playing.
A rendition of the head compot podcast theme at your funeral.
Um, Mike said it's missing a she at the end.
Good so far.
Brad.
That was easy listening.
Um.
And then you said if I die young would work wonders for the head compods numbers.
Episode 189.
Jeff's actual funeral, which is like pretty soon.
That's any.
You didn't give yourself much time.
Um.
Dibs on running the soundboard for the ulogy.
Wow.
Oh shit.
Um.
Kayla said who will sing amazing grace.
Heart felt ulogy from Jeff's father.
Daddy chill.
Congregation and tears.
She.
Um.
Riley said somber.
Amazing.
Grace.
She.
The sound.
The casket lowers down.
That was easy.
Poppers entered to the too long game show sound.
Ryan Galberg's was a punch up of that from Brad.
Um.
This is less funny than I remember.
Yeah.
In the moment it was really fun.
It's probably because I'm reading it in full.
Um.
I'll find some.
You did say your funeral would be open casket slash lakes.
I'm just I'm trying to find any anything that had a lot to share.
Like reactions on slack.
Um.
I said that your wake border otherwise is just an excuse for Jake to go surfing.
Riley said crowd surfing.
He'll take what he can get and I said crowd.
Um.
Sorry.
What do you mean?
They're won't be any worse there.
The wagon.
And that's it.
That's pretty good.
Um.
I thought the week is no me fry.
She in the Charlie's Angels movie.
No, she's like a writer for the New Yorker.
Oh yeah.
A cultural icon.
Well, not really obviously because I can remember.
She was.
I do know who you're talking about.
I really want to have her on the show.
She follows me on Instagram and Twitter.
So I think we can make it out later.
Yeah.
I don't think she listens to the show though.
I mean, she shouldn't.
It's almost better that she doesn't.
Agreed.
I think she listens.
Yeah.
And she wouldn't respect you.
Probably.
She comes on the show.
Oh, yeah.
I followed you on a dare.
I was out with Marika.
Micah.
But we talked about getting a guest for this episode or one of them.
And I, and today, realize I should have invited her on.
Yeah.
We should get some more podcast guests on.
And really just.
I do want to have Hayes and Sean on from Hollywood handbook.
I'd be fun.
You should go on Hollywood handbook.
I love that show.
We're going to get miles miles.
Yeah.
I was trying to get miles on an August.
That was egg and podcast.
So it's even better.
Yeah.
You guys have a segment plan for later.
We should say.
And I feel like you guys are just like, yeah.
I get all this shit out of the way until we get to our segment.
Do you want to have a set of anything?
My bond of the week is going to be.
Dave Bird, Lil Dickie.
It's time for a curly-haired bond.
Yeah.
David Blaine.
We need an illusionist as a bond.
Just.
Besting villains.
Yeah.
Through.
Slide and hand.
Exactly.
Close up magic.
Yeah.
Do you say this?
Being the world from bondage.
It's the ball torture scene.
We talked about last week.
But on the first hit, he disagrees with the cast.
He's like,
Round two round of the David's.
I guess I'll go.
Right.
Or for the Atlantic.
David Simms.
So the blank track podcast.
That's good.
Yeah.
We get David that and bro.
He's a British right.
Yeah.
That would be good.
David Sedaris.
We need a cool audit bond.
Yeah.
David Sedacus.
Is that?
A plumber.
In Burlington.
Local reference.
Yeah.
I love it.
David Sedacus.
Yeah.
I'm not going to speak in Jason's name.
I know.
I don't know.
Ah.
Hopefully.
Wait a second.
David Sedacus.
We'll not the tongue though.
It only goes off the tongue because it's a two-cyn and a syllable name.
And then Sedacus.
It's Jason also is.
Yeah.
David Sedacus.
Pervox.
Pete Buttigieg knows EV range anxiety is a thing.
What's EV range anxiety?
Electric vehicle range anxiety.
Got it.
He knows it's a thing.
You know it's a thing?
I didn't know.
What's he going to do about it?
Nothing.
He just knows it's real.
He knows that if you have an EV, you're probably a little nervous.
So you're wanted to the next charge port.
Is he pro or anti EV?
He's neutral on it.
It like doesn't ultimately stick.
I think.
Yeah.
I don't think.
He's not right.
Pete.
I think the reason he didn't end up being on the ticket.
In 2020 was that he didn't have that bootage edge to him.
You know, by sort of has the aviators.
He has the beers.
He has the cream.
Yeah.
The cream.
I scream edge.
Yeah.
He sort of looks like he was like right for the part of top gun.
But like 40 years too early.
I had it this time in that specific regard.
That flight jacket quality.
Yeah.
I would hate to see bootage edge coming out of a Air Force one.
In a pair of Air Force ones.
What are you trying to do?
Yeah.
The EV thing is how I feel about peeing on road trips.
Anxiety or that you don't think you'll make it to the next.
I don't think I'll make it to the next stop.
You guys never done road trip diapers?
Road trip diapers?
Yeah.
I don't speak on this.
I said my fees.
I know that never got normal hands in a quiet place.
Because yeah.
It's like what if you don't be in a bottle.
That's weird to shit too.
Okay.
I don't think so.
I've never had an emergency on a road trip.
And you don't even just mean with the bathroom.
Every trip you've taken cross country otherwise has gone smoothly.
Yeah.
I think the worst thing that'll happen is like a car spun on ice.
But it was pretty.
It was pretty.
That is kind of an emergency.
That's pretty bad.
It's not a smart thing.
No.
It all will drive kicked in and it was fine.
Yeah.
That's what I was thinking.
It's a kind of swurled a little bit or spun.
Because spinning is really bad.
It spun once.
Well, you were also doing like a style swirf.
I think you were wearing a Jesus piece on your way to Tucson.
Yeah.
She said so many words.
The A-B-A gave me I-B-A.
I should have been on the rest of the trip.
It was on my way to visit Cornell.
Potential school.
Yeah.
It's called car swirf.
Not quisp.
I believe her.
That is an Ivy League school.
No, but you didn't get it.
I did get it.
I just got it.
It's only Ivy League.
That's actually really cool.
Yeah.
You went to a better school.
It's just not in the league.
Yeah.
You didn't go to that.
You didn't go to any Ivy League school.
I can't speak on this.
Well, you know, we can talk about it.
I'm not speaking on it.
I'm surrounding it, circling it.
Mmm.
So.
Did you wish you could have gone to an Ivy League?
No.
I actually went to the hardest professional school to get into in the country.
Mmm.
That one wasn't even funny.
That was just me being an asshole.
Mmm.
Grace cut that out.
Um, I want to start making plans for the six.
What are you guys doing?
You're going down to DC or for the six.
January.
No.
Which isn't.
Isn't.
Is that election day or so date?
I don't know.
Primary elections.
Is it.
No.
Between the day.
November.
When this comes out.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
And also a cast.
I guess.
Yeah.
I don't know.
You know.
Uh.
I'll probably be home.
And not in Washington, DC.
Mmm.
The six.
If you catch my drift.
If you catch her six.
Anywho.
You asked.
What are you guys doing?
I got some buddies and DCs.
That's where I went to school.
Towards town.
Yeah.
So some of them were trying to plan some stuff.
We'll see what comes together.
Yeah.
Plan some stuff.
What do you mean kicked off the first app.
We were using to message each other and plan it.
Okay.
Telegram.
Yeah.
Got ban.
We sure.
We're trying to find a new platform.
Yeah.
True social.
I'm sorry.
Right.
Yeah.
And the adults in the US are on.
True social.
Kind of a lot.
Yeah.
A lot for a very deep dark web.
CR of this, apparently.
Trump isn't really a big fan of.
Of truth social.
Because there's no, there's not truth social spaces.
Yeah.
You wanted to be.
True social rules.
Um.
Just checking. You're not time. We've got four minutes to kill. I mean, what do you guys want to talk about?
I never give you guys the floor and I really am sorry about that
I'm smiling like doing like doing great like really though. How are you doing still great? No really how are you doing?
So the only acceptance
I'm looking at I'm looking at a dig deep and get somewhere like really dark for you. Yeah, yeah, it's really like biggest insecurity about your body
I'm just really quick. Honestly, I just stick with the the peeing thing comes up a lot more than you'd think
You're small about a really small bladder and drink a lot of water. Okay, so that's good
No, because it's like look
I'm there with you brother on the drink a lot of water the small bladder both
I don't drink a lot of water, but I have a very small bladder. Yeah, constantly dehydrated. Yeah, it's just dehydrated
But I feel like saying you have a small bladder is like oh, I'm so skinny
No, it's not really because you're because if you have big organs, you won't get that like thin paper
Are you like more in the side for me now that I've said that I have a small bladder?
You kind of like looking right underneath this little microphone look are you quitting skininess with a track? I'm not
I'm not I'm just saying it's a vibe
You're saying that it's a vibe. Yeah, you know those like lanky fuckers on the subway with the you know the fucking scoop neck tees and the you know the book
Mm-hmm. That's a look. Yeah, that's a look. That's a loop. It's a loop. Yeah, and it's lucrative
I tried to model and they said that I was too big bone as they put it
Did you try the bladder thing on them my bladder is fucking huge? I even peed in a year
I'm a cactus
Do you think it's genetic your bladder?
Is your dad use a bath of a lot neither of my parents drink a lot of water. Okay, so they drink a lot of coffee
No, okay, yeah, and then how are you circumcised and then if so how far down does it go?
Yes, and the normal amount
Wow, so
I'm very good. What's on your mind? I'm now I'm just thinking about bladder. I'm glad that's where you're thinking about yeah
I
Sometimes don't pee for an entire work day. That's fine. Don't listen
Don't let these small bladder
Dying pieces make us feel bad about never
But then sometimes like if I'm
asleep sometimes I wake up once twice in the middle for night. Yeah, I can go to the bathroom
So I get it. That's the only time that you have to pee is the time you really don't want to yeah
That's why again. I think we should normalize sleep diapers
I'm kind of well that I also wake up three a
I got to go pee yeah, and that's the product of the small bladder. I would like that sun's
Torturous to just be laying there
I don't think I don't think I'd be able to do it because I pee anxiety when I'm alone
Yeah
That's why you never pee
I'm so nervous
It's a valid concern. Patrick have you ever peed crazy?
Yeah, definitely for sure. Peed crazy. Does that mean to you?
There I don't know there was a time when I was really drunk in college that I thought my
The floor of my bedroom was a urinal
And I don't just mean that I like peed in my standing up in my room, which is what happened
But it was that I like in my head had a memory of standing in front of a urinal that wasn't there
Yeah, I think I was like sleep paralysis just memory. Yeah, yeah, it was a core memory
One of the touchstones of my life. Yeah, there's the live show at Grammar Sea and bat
Have you guys ever been mistreated in a relationship
I
Don't think so. That's great Joel. I don't think so either. This is amazing. Brought me
And if it's not overwhelmingly positive then
We might as well as how you're really feeling yeah, yeah, uh I feel like
probably had some like bad
Friendship moments when I felt I was mistreated, you know what I mean?
Is it when I forgot to record the head-compact has like four weeks in a row last year?
I wouldn't know that's not let's not you mistreating me
Let's miss me mistreating commerce
I'm sorry, man. Yeah, that's an interesting point
I
Been mistreated in a relationship. Okay, so you were fishing
Let's get into it. It asked him. Yeah
You want to get into it. No, you just said let's get into it. The goof. It's like, you know, we put on like we put on a character for these things
All right. It's like this isn't really how we are we hang out
Kind of as yeah
To say it wow
Now, you know who you're real friends are Tom York style
No radio head fans in the room. I'm not even a fan, but I knew that song
Should we sing the little ditty that we came up with last night?
Yeah, we should please one two three that Jeff is talks
This show is sponsored by better help
Guys, I sometimes wish that life just came with a user manual a rulebook a a pathway forward
So that you know you don't have to question your decisions
You don't have to question whether or not you're doing the right thing
But unfortunately it doesn't and that's where therapy can step in and be the next best thing
Because life doesn't come with a user manual, right? So when it's not working for you
It's normal to feel stuck and navigating any of life's challenges can make you feel unsure
Whether it's a career change a new relationship or becoming a parent and
Therapists are trained to help you figure out the cause of challenging emotions and learn productive coping skills
Which makes therapy the closest thing to a guided tour the complex engine called
You I'm in therapy every week or at least I try to be recently
I haven't been had to cancel on her for a couple sessions and you can see it in my eyes
I'm better when I'm getting help in therapy every week and I say this every week, but
You kind of if you have the access to it financially
Which better help makes it easier for?
You kind of owe it to yourself to be in therapy and you also owe it to the people around you to be the most
Evolved per version of yourself
in dealing with life's
Challenges being the best version of yourself being the kindest version of yourself knowing yourself better
I really think that the most vibrant people in the world are the people who know themselves the best and
We're all trying to learn how to do that as the world's largest therapy service
Better help is matched three million people with professionally licensed and vetted therapist
Available 100% online plus it's affordable just fill out a brief questionnaire
To match with the therapist and if things aren't clicking you can easily switch to a new therapist at any time it could not be simpler
No waiting rooms no traffic no endless searching for the right therapist
Learn more and save 10% off your first month at betterhelp.com slash what's that again? That's better help
HELP dot com slash what's that? Thanks better help got you an early dinner when you're lunch is brawt
Holy
You
We're gonna back on that. This is crazy
We should say that that was in reference to the fact that Emma and
Maria had not even two just bone broth for lunch, which yeah, that's not enough
And I had a rice and chicken bowl
Okay, with the side of bra. I was just worried about you guys. I appreciate that
Johnny and Joel prepare to segment and Maria and me
Part of this it was also a big part. I don't know what it is
Okay, clearly yeah, well, yeah, let's get right up a little nervous about it. I mean
Look Jeff this quarter Q4 2022
It's a very very big quarter financially for head gum
I spoke with Ryan for the listener. This is our new VP of sales
We're talking about monetization strategies and how to bolster up
Just branded content to sponsorship in general
and
Just looking at the finances and what's coming in what's coming out we realized oh
This show is kind of in the red with all the production costs and I think we need to do just a few more ads that are baked in
within this episode. They paid
Top dollar to do it. Why and also we're very excited to work with you specifically actually. There's no way
These brands wanted to work with me specifically. Yeah, what are the brands?
We'll get to it. But yeah, they're super excited to work with you and we have the ad copy and we want you to read it right now
Okay, it's hard because sometimes I don't like to do a cold read, but yeah, I mean we'll
We'll have it in our hands and we'll be reading along so if you do need to do another take
Okay, yeah, if you have trouble like if you need to answer. Oh, I know I have some questions no
Looks double on something you can just repeat it or okay, and we can just get a clean yeah, you get a clean and all right
Yeah, you'll want to go one at a time on those
Okay, so give space in between each line no like between each page. Okay. I got that we'll take a break after
Nobody wants for three ads right after
It's kind of crazy that everyone knew about this and you're bringing this to me
During a record you could have said hey, we're gonna do some ad copy before this
I mean you could have told us about every segment on the show ever
Those goals that hit me came out of nowhere jol's I almost did jol's goals again
Maybe we'll round it out with that if we have some time all right here we go this is the first ad
I don't know what brand it is
My flat ass has caused me nothing but trouble
Is it certainly true
Is this speak of recent airplane butt pain or how your Twitter campaign to bear ass for 10,000 has been less than fruitful
Yeah, I this is barely true, but I was on a jet blue flight yesterday and the seat was the issue
It wasn't my seat that was the issue is the plane seat one half it had a cushion the other was hard metal
So my ass was asleep for five hours. This is so fucked up
These problems are a thing of the past thanks to vacuum butt lift center
Saying the full name each time is required. Yeah, you don't have to read the part in that
Well back you butt lift center offers cheap quick and very very safe procedures
Feel like using various like hide yeah
Designed to add better volume shape and projection to your buttox nice. Yeah
That blood on my mic for sure
I'm so excited about these ad review
listening to remont any
Looking to remodel your silhouette
Vacuum butt lift center will turn your flattie into a fatty
Required personal experience discuss. Okay, um, I guess I could benefit from injecting fat from my flanks into my rear
You know, I got just give it a more of a plump round shape a little squish
Although I do think that my ass is quite fat. Thank you Emma
What would you do with your new improved butt lift center wagon? I guess I would I don't know get
Fucked
This is for ass replacements and you can't say anything about sex
butt lift center
Ass lifts center. Okay, I guess what I would do with it is I would do less squats
All right, I just wouldn't do that anymore because I got the first procedure done how much does this cost even?
Let's get this fucking over the vacuum at vacuum butt lift center and absolutely dumpers not a typical outcome
But it is an attainable outcome
Thank you vacuum butt lift center for sponsoring this episode so at ends by saying you're not even a guarantee that you get the ass not a guarantee
But it's possible
So how much does it cost? Didn't say anything there's not even a URL the point them two is not a fun good to pencil the starting but
My ass is very good. Okay, it has a shapelyness to it
It has a nice blend of firmness and jiggle. We're gonna have to cut this out. Yeah, you can tell us
No, this is just you you said baked in ads is after the ad so I'm saying, but right, but that it completely
You know, yeah, it's just nice to have no experience of the ad read that you just did
Exactly, okay, I had by the way, I had a meeting with Connie. This is real
Where she was talking about integrating showing off the product on camera for video ads
Well
That was there's so many there's like 18 words behind just the well
Next one. This is so fucked. Yeah, yeah, yeah, overall good job with the read yeah, I mean, I don't read the red text because those are
Instructions it just feels like I want to explain it a little bit because
Yeah, it doesn't feel true to my experience. Yeah, hey listeners. I want to get serious. It's no secret
That's what I'm sorry. Let's make this really really serious, please
Hey listeners. I want to get serious. It's no secret that our country is in disarray. I agree
It feels like at any time we scroll through social media. We're doomed scrolling
It's time we take a stand behind a candidate who truly cares about making a difference. Dock
Dr. Oz is running to put America first and empower the American people
Rush your support now
That's bad coffee
That's bad coffee. Oh, great. It's bad copywriting by my mom. We didn't do it. Yeah, this is from
We'll send that back to the doctor as people. This is so fucked up
Behind Oz we will take down the radical socialist left. I'm in I'm a registered member of the DSA
Oz will help defeat the woke mob and I will finally be able to truly say what I feel on this podcast
Oz will allow every law abiding American senator citizen to buy the gun of their desire
His strongest memories of fatherhood are teaching his son how to shoot before handing him his lunch and putting him on the bus to school
That's really early to shoot a gun. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's fine. Yeah, yeah, I'm like I'm not going to say that we agree with this
But no, we
We're not the ones putting our voice behind it. Well, it is like usually if there's any kind of controversial ad
Somebody from the sales team will email the host and be like do you feel comfortable advertising?
You know, tell me with your amount of money that they're giving us. I think it just how much money did Oz give you that
There's campaign finance laws. I'd rather keep that confidential
I love the joys of hunting
The feeling it elicits is good
I think you should be stronger. Yeah, I've never shot a gun. I've never hunted
Well, how would you raise it? I guess you could talk about how you would give your kids shooting training
I would never do that. Well, it's I don't have kids. It's really good. I'm sure he'd love if I gendered it if I have a son
I'm gonna put a gun in his hands before print pre-k
Like that Oz is running for U.S. Senate to reignite our divine spark bravely fight for freedom and finally tell it like it is
I I'm not going to say this. This is
I
Don't care if the other guy ever leaves his basement. That's fine
Can I use a different name?
Yeah, what do you think? Did you just go back into your nickname? I
Desmond James fully endorsed Dr. Oz for PA Senate this ad was paid for by Oz for Senate
Great. Yeah, nice this easy no you cornered me now you have me on record and
Your fucking buddy runs the fucking out of context had gunpockets. They're gonna fucking tweet me endorsing Oz
By the way, perfect metaphor anyone who votes for him thinking he is has the keys to the city of emerald
I'm rummished because I just endorsed a fucking bad
Oh
Number three yeah, I'm not doing this
I guess we yeah, we can just splice around it. Yeah, we'll be fine. So make it all
So sing
You said you had a segment to right we are just give me a fucking second
Well, come to Jeffordy New York City edition part two did it. Wow, we did this
51 weeks ago. What's that? I said live on stage live on stage we did Jeffordy New York City edition. This is
Jeffordy New York City edition continued and
This is for
Not actual cash, but I will actually buy the winner drink tonight. Great. If you come to dare
Try to get my make my prize is real things you can actually keep
But as mentioned also on last week's podcast. I don't have a credit card anymore because I'm not responsible and was living in debt
So now I only have a cash that's in my checking so
There's that theme
Okay
I haven't played this before is it's standard Jeffordy rules or is there any sort of twist I need to know about you don't need to know about any twists
It's just standard I don't have any purposes Jeffordy rules and honestly Jeffordy rules
Team one is Marieka team two is Joel and team three is Johnny. Let's get things if I can start it with honestly
Marieka I'll take culture for 300 culture this these are all related to New York City all right the city of apples
Culture for 200 Irving Avenue in Ridgewood Queens
Anybody can answer Jeffordy rules
What is a street oh
Joel said what is street in correct
The most radioactive part on the east coast
The radio act most radioactive block in New York, but actually yeah, the east coast I forgot about that
Yeah, we learned that recently I can tell
You live in Ridgewood
Yeah, very good. Johnny controls the board
Let's do a underrated museums for 200 underrated museums for 200 museums for 200 a hinge
I'm on the upper west side made famous by its ties to grass
ties to grass
The natural history museum
Correct
Can you explain that answer oh yeah so
The natural history museum mostly has exhibits on like the natural world the world around us which
I'm not mistaken is like 80% grass no 80% water. Yeah. What
There is a giant blue whale hanging in it the museum which isn't a hidden gem by the way
It's a famous museum. Have you seen the night the museum movies?
No you're missing out
Let's do culture for 100
Culture for 100 the corner of third and dricks
What is the place that he used to live in Linesburg?
Incorrect
What is a bar you frequently when you lived in Williamsburg? I'll give it to Joel the correct answer
We were looking for was where in Williamsburg did Jeff get an open container ticket to brown bag
You beer this is culture to you
This is New York culture. This is his culture
sidewalk stoop
I love stoop culture
Joel controls the board
Okay, the Jordan that's Joel in board
Let's finish it out with culture for 300 culture for 300 this one's a gimmie Madison Square Park
What is where the first shake shack is?
Don't give that to him
No
Do you know where he could now? I just didn't want Joel to have it for that fact
Where is the flat iron district?
That's incorrect, okay. I think it. Yeah
Think 2015
Correct answer was where did Jeff have a full body nervous breakdown in high school? I thought there was a union square
That was I was incorrect about units where it ultimately was Madison Square happened
But I'll give it to Marika for thinking about me
Break it controls the board. That's also not what I meant to say
Let's go upstate nonsense for 300
What is our video producer in New York?
Who can you be a little more specific even just one more sentence of specificity?
Who is our video producer that lives an upstate New York?
I'll give it to you the answer we were looking for was who's Kingston New York's least wanted
It's gonna dox him
That's a big city
Is it? Marika controls the board
I'll take upstate nonsense for 200
Upstate nonsense for 200 bearsville in New York
What is where Jeff got arrested for public nudity?
Where is Jeff's dream place to live?
I want to give it to Joel, but it was private nudity
You got arrested for this?
My body went into a state of arrest
Because the last time I had sex in Ulster County was in Bearsville
Joel controls the board. I didn't think that was going to happen again
Yeah, why didn't you think that was going to happen again?
I meant to kick that internal
Let's finish off upstate nonsense 100
Upstate nonsense for 100
That's where
Where is my boss Andrew Piles home address?
Just a quick scourge update
We've got Marika in first at 600 in Johnny and Joel tied for second at 400
Joel controls the board
Let's go DA Yankees for 300
It's done Yankees
The bleacher creatures you can also phone a friend
Any of you
Oh, no friend what are raccoons?
Any time there's a lengthy pause
I know that it's wrong
You almost don't have to hit the button, right
Pleature creatures
What are rats?
Do you all do want to phone a friend maybe Patrick?
Did you see Yankees fan in the room?
Yeah, I'd love to phone in Patrick. What do you got for bleacher creatures?
I'm assuming it's the band that's said in the bleacher.
The correct answer was what group of fans needs to calm down?
Oh, he was right
That's true. You were right, though.
All right, Joel just pulled a head by phoning a friend that doesn't feel fair, but he controls the board
Underated museums 300
Underated museums for 300 a frankly bizarre museum with a dorky name
Guggenheim
Jada
Let's go with me
John, you're Joel now type of first the types of turn, Marika
John again throws the board with only five more options. Let's see if Marika can pull it has
Underated museums for one
Underated museums for 100 a museum known for its artistic
Reciency what is mama that is absolutely correct really
Breast and modern
Joel controls the board four more on the board. Sorry five more. There is a good of all things Carnegie for 100
All things Carnegie for 100 steel
This one you guys have to have words specifically otherwise I'm not giving it to you
What is a material used to make railroads?
What is
Oh, no
No, I don't want no, you got it
Um
So vague
It's so hard to figure out
Yeah, what is the factory production owned by Carnegie?
Johnny
What Carnegie Hall steel girders are made of?
The answer we were looking for is what was Andrew Carnegie's favorite metal
Oh, say good one. Marika was closest
I'm gonna give it to her and she controls the board. We're just gonna give it to people who are close. No
Yeah, yeah, so well some more importantly, but that's close
I'll take all things Carnegie for 200 all things Carnegie for 200 the Carnegie mentioned
What is the place that Andrew Carnegie last fucked?
What I put but that's way funnier. I said where's Jeff gunning to live at?
Marie can controls the board yet again. No, take all things Carnegie for 300
You got Marie can first at 900 Joel and second at 800 Johnny and said it started. It's sort of
You noted that I haven't lost any points for getting things wrong. Nobody has. Yeah
Listen, it's anybody's game at this point. Okay 300 all things Carnegie all things Carnegie for 300
a deep appreciation of learning what are the students of Carnegie Melanine University
New York City edition. Oh, yes
Deep appreciation of learning how to get to Carnegie Hall
An artificial intelligence model designed by Andrew Carnegie
So you know what he was even closer
It's what did Andrew Carnegie have
Let's meet over to Johnny
The yanks for two all right the Yankees for 200 the Steinbrenner family
What is the owners of the Yankees?
Let's everybody get their answer before I tell you you're all wrong. What is the last family to fuck at the Yankees?
Couple
Steinbrenner family
You said who owns yeah
who are
the sponsors for
Public Broadcasting station
Johnny
A family who liked to attend Yankees games
That's basically exactly right who loves the Yankees
Crazy
That isn't saying all right Johnny controls the board. We it's it's it's not anybody's game necessarily
Joel can't win but he can
tie which would be really frustrating okay that's never happened in Jeferty history before
That means her first Johnny and Marie could tie for first Joel
In third actually
Trick question nobody has ever had their last name on the back of a Yankees jersey
Nobody has ever had their last name on the back
What is there is no player name to nobody?
What did you say I didn't say anything you said a rod yeah okay
phrase it as a question who is a rod
Nobody's in your heart
This is the easiest one
I also think you showed us the answer to this one before we started
He didn't get it he know it was just just the question
uh
Trick question nobody's ever had their last engineer you're an engineer reverse engineer
The sentence into a question
What is what is on the back of
Jersey who has had
Absolutely correct although that was your second guess so
I get it because they don't have names on the back
Yeah, we're looking for who's the only player to ever have their name on the grace of the back of Yankees costume
Yeah, what
All about the name on the front of the jersey Marie. Okay, and watch baseball baseball sucks. Sorry
Just that I feel
Hating and baseball. I think I'll give it I'll give 50 to Johnny because you you guess twice
So yeah Johnny wins
Thanks
Nice job
Thanks Joel
Um
Plugs I have another record in eight minutes. Let's go let's go. Let's go. Rep to fire. What he got? All right follow me at Johnny V.
Joe H and in the YVI and also
Get your flu shot and your COVID shot
Let's start with vote for John Fetterman tell my key A fan out there. Yeah Jeff
Don't in way want better men, but
You should all vote for John Fetterman and you can follow him Instagram if you want Joe man down off to private account
So I'll accept that on a case-by-case-case. That's the same
That's fucking crazy
Very good
Follow me at Marie Gailon on Twitter Instagram and letter box and follow
Pitwell pod on Instagram and TikTok at Jeff. We already on Twitter nearing 10,000 nearing bearing hole
We'll see you guys again next week. This whole thing was does
That was a hit dumb original
You